
IMPORTANT (must be solved before beta)
--------------------------------------
 
  o Check that the tests in choose_partition/crypto/do_option cover 
    all cases in which unencrypted swap may be setup.
  
  o Find better sources of entropy. Check if we could load and use
    hw_random, sound, .. ?
  
  o Set fs_passno for loop entries in fstab to 0; Currently fsck
    spews ugly warnings because it tries to fsck the unencrypted
    backing device. Who will do the fsck then?

  o Erase currently fails with an error for "No space left on
    device" that is indistinguishable from other errors with only
    the exit status. Should we pass exact size to dd?

    (This is in fact harder than it seems at first: busybox dd 
    does not support values for skip/seek larger than ULONG_MAX,
    although it stores them in off_t's)
    

GENERAL
-------
  
  o Understand and add undo.d scripts if required
  
USABILITY
---------
  
  o Perhaps we could reduce the number of steps requires by
    assuming default cipher and keytype when the crypt_type
    is first chosen

  o Perhaps we could set the default choice of "use as" to 
    swap for crypt disks with random keytype. Maybe even
    create a swap partition in there by default?
  
FEATURES
--------

  o Allow use of existing keyfiles. How can we access removable
    media while partman is running ? Interesting media would be
    floppy, USB media, perhaps others.

  o Allow to create and store keyfiles on removable media. Same
    questions as above. Using it should simply be a matter of 
    writing the path into $id/keyfile and echoing the passphrase
    into the pass fifo.
 
  o Support for encrypted root partitions. There is a package 
    loop-aes-rootfs for (obsolete) mkinitrd-tools.
    - TODO: initramfs-tools
    - TODO: yaird

  o partman-auto-crypto

  o Support for dm-crypt
    - Needs seperate keysize, hashfunc questions?
    - Which type of keys should we use for dm-crypt? Wesley said 
      that hashed passphrases are not very good. Can we use some
      kind of keyfiles instead?

  o Support for LUKS
    - Required packages not yet in Debian (cryptsetup-luks)

